MUMT301-2021 Assignment 1
QUESTIONNAIRE!

The following questionnaire seeks to understand your previous knowledge about some of the concepts that we will learn in class during the coming term.

1. Do you know any programming languages? If you do, which ones?
No
2. What is your primary computer operating system (OS)?
Mac OS
3. Do you own a smartphone, tablet, or mobile device? What is your favourite OS for mobile devices?
I own a smartphone - IOS
4. Do you use any social networking services? If you do, which ones? Why?
Instagram
Facebook
Linkedin
5. Expand the following acronyms and do research about their meaning. You may look them up if you don't know:

    HTTP - Hypertext Transfer Protocol
    REST - Representational state transfer
    API - Application Programming Interface

6. Do you play a musical instrument or sing? If so, how much experience do you have?
Drums - 13 years
7. Can you read music notation? If so, how well?
Yes - Intermediate
8. How large is your personal music collection? Estimate the number of artists, albums, and songs. If instead you listen to music using streaming services, how many playlists, artists, albums, and songs do you have in your account?
100
9. How do you search and find new music?
Through streaming services like Spotify 

11. Are you aware of any ways in which artists are dealing with public performances post-COVID? Do you think live performances are essential to your musical experience?
Yes, there are less people attending concerts because of the restrictions. I don't think they are essential since audio recording field has also developed so much that it can offer a different kind of memorable experience. However, concerts are definetly a big part of the industry.
12. Name two musical artists that you like. What do you find interesting about their music that makes you like them?
Radiohead - I really like how they took a step from alt rock to experiment new genres and possibly inspire millions of people
Arctic Monkeys - Their first albums have a lot of fast punky feel even though they are not a punk band. I really like that they're able merge modern alt rock with punk rock and still be able to gather a huge fan base.
